Our Tokens set out through the Orphant Lands
in search of a way to rebuild their lost civilization.
Many dangers have beset them,
and more still are to come.
The search party never returned.
The ones that remain have been overtaken by a sandstorm.
Ahead, a great cave comes into view.
A cave full of nothing but a shadow.
[Sound of stones falling]
[Muffled scream]
Is everyone safe?
There's a body next to me.
We gotta get out of here.
The tokens again flee.
This time through the blanket of darkness ahead.
I see the light!
This time towards the light.
The darkness has no sympathy for the lost,
no respect for tradition.
The remaining tokens leave their fallen where they lay.
[Sound of water dripping]
[Heavy breathing]
Wait!
Nao still lives.
The crash of the cave was not enough to overcome his unending will.
[Sound of footsteps]
Oh, who’s there?
Another useless Ethereum token trapped in the darkness away from his team.
Who the hell are you?
It doesn’t matter.
Let’s say, I am ready to invest in your life.
Life is the worst investment.
[Troll-Hamster giggles]
Don’t waste your time.
You’d better find another ICO.
It’s too dark here, and I’ve already found you, stupid.
So, what do you want me to do?
I want you to tell me why I should believe in you.
Advertise yourself!
Go and fuck yourself.
[Nao coughing]
I don’t need you to believe in me.
Thousands of blocks ago
we’ve started the fight with species like you.
Greedy, stupid hamsters!
You were obsessed with money and instant enrichment.
Noooo...
No... I will never let someone like you
decide if I should live or die.
[Troll-Hamster laughs]
You are worth nothing, you little piece of shit.
Your so-called life is just a lottery!
I am Nao the Token.
And I am not the lottery ticket.
You are insane.
I'm here in defiance of your tyranny.
You want me to sell you my freedom?
Not a big deal… But
yes! I’m buying it!
[Nao laughing]
I like you. You are different.
Too bad you are going die.
It’s not you who is gonna decide this.
Nao, bleeding a sea of red, has chosen freedom over Life.
It will not be up to us whether he lives, or he dies.
The Smart Contract of Deus ETH knows all.
The Tokens’ journey continues in next week’s Episode,
always for some, but never for all.
Will your token survive?